docs: add lambda pre-aggs and ksqldb (#5321)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Caching/Using-Pre-Aggregations.mdx

retention policies to clean up the data in the export bucket as Cube.js does not
currently manage this. For most use-cases, 1 day is sufficient.

## Streaming pre-aggregations

Streaming pre-aggregations are different from traditional pre-aggregations in the way they are being updated. Traditional pre-aggregations follow the “pull” model — Cube **pulls updates** from the data source based on some cadence and/or condition. Streaming pre-aggregations follow the “push” model — Cube **subscribes to the updates** from the data source and always keeps pre-aggregation up to date. 

You don’t need to define `refreshKey` for streaming pre-aggregations. Whether pre-aggregation is streaming or not is defined by the data source. 

Currently, Cube supports only one streaming data source - [ksqlDB](/config/databases/ksqldb). All pre-aggregations where data source is ksqlDB are streaming. 

> We’re working to support streaming pre-aggregations for the following data sources -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re working on supporting streaming pre-aggregations for the following data sources -
```
